[Docs] Improve crash log description (#1016)
owncloud/ios-app: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/ios_troubleshooting.adoc

.All iOS App logging settings enabled and set
image:ios-app-settings-logging.png[ios-app-settings-logging, width=40%]

=== Locating App Logs and iOS App Crash Logs

> There are two kind of logs which can be accesed from different locations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two kinds of logs which can be accessed from different locations:
```

.The Log Created by the App
See xref:ios_troubleshooting.html#capturing-app-debug-logs[Capturing App Debug Logs] for how to enable app debug logs.

> You will find on the same screen where you enable logging the the access to the log files. Touch menu:Share log file[] which opens a new screen with all the log files created. To export one selected, tap the share button on the top right-hand side of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the same screen where you enable logging you will find the access to the log files. Touch menu:Share log file[] which opens a new screen with all the log files created. To export the selected logs, tap the share button on the top right-hand side of the screen.
```
